Update the generator docs (#4808)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/whats_new.adoc

[#governance-whats-new]
== Governance

//clearing what's new for 2.8 | MJ | 03/12/2023
//2.8 ACM-3011 | MJ | 03/12/2023

> * You can now configure the Policy Generator to add a copy of metadata to replicas of your policies and policy sets, along with generate placement manifests for your policies and policy sets. See link:../governance/policy_generator.adoc#policy-gen-yaml-table[Policy Generator configuration reference table] for more details.

Author: ```suggestion
* You can now configure the Policy Generator to remove extra metadata when replicating policies, along with specifying placement label selectors for your policies and policy sets. See link:../governance/policy_generator.adoc#policy-gen-yaml-table[Policy Generator configuration reference table] for more details.
```

> * You can now configure the Policy Generator to add a copy of meta data to replicas of your policies and policy sets, along with generate placement manifests for your policies and policy sets. See link:../governance/policy_generator.adoc#policy-gen-yaml-table[Policy Generator configuration reference table] for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can now configure the Policy Generator to add a copy of metadata to replicas of your policies and policy sets, along with generate placement manifests for your policies and policy sets. See link:../governance/policy_generator.adoc#policy-gen-yaml-table[Policy Generator configuration reference table] for more details.
```
